(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Hey Timber, so this is what I got back from marketing, but just to give context, there's a couple of things that also on top of the editing, some sections that I think we should remove. So I think apart from the wording on the homepage, you will see that the business effects section, when we returned the marketing stuff, we removed it because we want that section to actually go on the business page instead of the homepage. That section, the way it looks, without the part that says how it works. 

So the how it works should remain there, but the part where it says move business across Africa should move to the business section and replace on the business section, it should replace the treasury and pay out the section that says collect, convert and pay suppliers. It should be replaced by the business section that is on the homepage. So there you will just leave how it works as we have edited it in the document.

And then you put the wording there, the video remains there. And then on the video where you edit that loans and virtual cards in one place, we also removed that so that it doesn't go on top of the picture. It doesn't look right there, but then that video remains the same. 

It stays there. And then the personal loans also section, we've also removed it because we want that specific section to go on the personal section. So this personal support in minutes, yada yada, we have moved it to the personal section, we're removing it from there.

And then so it's going to come from how it works. Then you show that video as it is. And then from the, it goes to frequently asked questions. 

We also want to remove the running flag and put it on the business section. Basically, what we're trying to do is to make the homepage about the basic things, basic information, and then the personal stuff, the detail to be on the personal and then the business to be on the business so that we don't talk about it where it's not supposed to be. So you will see that in that text document that we sent, you will remain with the first section. 

And then you remain with the everything, the section that says everything you need in one place, you will still be there. The move, the next section that says move business money across Africa, Southern Africa is going to move to the business section, but how it works section, that part should remain there together with the video. And then the personal loan calculator should be removed and goes to the personal section as well. 

And then the frequently asked section remains, but the flags, we are moving them to the business section. So that's on the personal. The banner that says Chikwama works across Southern Africa, which is in the footer, please remove it also across the website. 

And then the newsletter banner, also remove it across all pages on the website so that the footer is smaller with only the details that are in the footer. So that's on the homepage. And then on the personal page, the first section is cool. 

We did edits of the text, so you will see edits of the text. The video is cool. One wallet, one chats, we did edits of the text, so you will see it in the document.

And then this section that says security and compliance, build for safe movement, also remove that. Where your money is out, transparent funding handling, also remove that. Just leave it as it is with that section not there. 

And then where it says create and control your virtual card in WhatsApp, also remove that section. It's now completely removed from there, so it's not supposed to be there. And then on the loan calculator, that section that was on the homepage, where you said personal loan in minutes, that section is the one that we want here on the personal page on the loan calculator. 

So you end with that section. Then in the footer, Chikwama Works across Southern Africa is also removed. Product updates in the newsletter also removed. 

And then we go on to the business page. First section, we did edits on the wedding, but everything else is fine. I'm pretty happy with that. 

Tools that keep pace, we just did on that section, we just did edits on the wedding. So you see some of the icons, you will need to change them because, yeah, they won't match the wedding that we now added, but we sort of gave it more meat and context in terms of what we actually do. And then collect, convert, pay suppliers.

So that whole section, we want to remove it, what is there, and then replace it with what is the section that is on the homepage. So the section that we removed on the homepage, the move money, move business money across Africa, we take that, we put it on the business page where there was the convert and pay suppliers, and then we put it there. And then the powered by trusted partners, we remove that as well. 

Completely not supposed to be there. And then we're also removing payroll, big capital, completely not supposed to be there. And then in the footer, Chikwama Works across South Africa, not supposed to be there. 

And product updates, not supposed to be there. But that flag that we removed from the homepage, that running flag that runs across, we are going to put it under the business calculator that you have just moved from the homepage as well. We put it under there, and then straight after that, we go to the footer, we remove the payroll, big capital. 

So, yeah, and then, yeah, the wedding that is in this document will give you more context. So maybe let's do those edits and see how it looks. But yeah, that should be it. 

Let me know if you have questions.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)